fix(system): improve query help docs (#39)
ni/systemlink-grafana-plugins: src/datasources/system/query_help.md

> The _SystemLink Systems_ data source allows you to display your systems'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _SystemLink Systems_ data source allows you to display system
```
